(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(CLATTERING)
How you doin', sweetums?
Yeah, let's talk later.
I'm a little busy myself.
The ladies, they love me.
Now we're getting somewheres.
Where's the love?
Licked clean!
(CLATTERING)
Somebody beat me to it.
Wait till I find that guy.
(ALARMS AND BELL RINGING)
I got you something today,
Tom, for being
such a good boy.
It even has
a little bell on it,
-so I always know
where you are.
-(BELL CHIMING)
(CLATTERING)
Dirty, no-good can licker.
(SHOUTING) Wake up!
How can you sleep
at a time like this?
Did you hear
what happened to Buttons?
The cat,
a couple of streets over.
He went off the deep end.
The vet said it was a case of
felis catus
indoorium delirium.
Too much time indoors.
It did the poor fella in.
The very people we think
are our "friends"
are really the ones
driving us nuts.
-(GIBBERISH)
-(NOISEMAKER BLOWING)
Eating food out of a can,
living in a climate
controlled box,
and watching nature channels,
making us wear silly little
collars with bells on them.
Like that one.
So that they can always know
where we are.
Buttons had a collar
just like it.
-Right down
to the little bell.
-(GULPING)
Don't look so worried.
You and Buttons,
two different cats,
'cause he was
all pale and stuff.
(SCREAMING)
So you're a little pale,
it's nothing.
To make sure,
what do you say we do
some tests first?
Say, "Ah."
Spotted tongue and cheek.
See that?
Ooh, don't panic.
You're worse off
than I thought.
We gotta get
your inner tiger back.
Or else it's Buttons for you.
All right, I hate to see
a grown cat cry.
But it won't be easy
to get your inner tiger back.
You'll have to do absolutely
everything I say.
You hear?
You've got to
catch your own eats,
live on the streets,
and find a feline companion
to make your life complete.
You're not going
on spring break.
You're reclaiming
your inner tiger, remember?
You can do this, pal.
I know it.
And don't you worry,
I'll watch over the place,
while you're gone.
So long, sucker.
Ah...
Home sweet home.
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(SNORING)
(BELL CHIMING)
(BARKING)
(BURPING)
I'm saving you for dessert.
Dessert is served.
(EXPLOSION)
(LAUGHING)
(STOMACH RUMBLING)
(CARS HONKING)
(ENGINE WHIRRING)
(MOUSE SQUEAKING)
(BLOWING RASPBERRY)
(THUDDING)
(UNLOCKING)
Got something
you wanna tell me, wise guy?
-(SCREAMING)
-(BARKING)
(SIZZLING)
(SCREAMING)
(BLOWING AIR)
(AX CHOPPING)
(CREAKING)
GINGER: Tom, look at you,
you're filthy.
Somebody needs a bath.
(YOWLING)
Mommy's gonna get
you all cleaned up.
Nobody likes a dirty cat.
-(JERRY GIGGLING)
-GINGER: Oh, my goodness,
so precious.
-Aren't you, boy?
-(MEOWING)
You're not Tom,
you poor wittle kitty.
No wonder you were so dirty.
You haven't got a home.
Well, you do now.
Now I'll always know
where you are.
I wonder where that Tom is.
He can be a little shy
sometimes.
(MEOWING)
BUTCH: Find a feline companion
to make your life complete.
(KISSING)
Oh, my.
Oh, my!
(SNORING)
(WATER SPLASHING)
(SNARLING)
(SCREAMING)
(BARKING)
Ladies.
Congratulations, you're cured!